**Selected Regulation of Phosphorylation Signaling in Breast Cancer**
Developers: Kuan-lin Huang, Yige Wu
[Most of the new analysis are focused on phosphosite regulation and the relevant codes can be found in phospho_network].
Aberrant phospho-signaling is a hallmark of cancer. We investigated the regulations of 33,239 phosphorylation sites (phosphosites) in 77 breast tumors characterized by global proteomics followed by validation in 24 independent breast cancer xenografts. Our search identified 61.4% (387/630) cis kinase-phosphosite pairs but only 4.51% (1,747/38,710) trans kinase-substrate phosphosite pairs with significant co-regulation. Among the 91 cis-regulator kinases, elevated EGFR, ERBB2/MAP3K5, PRKG1, and WNK1 regulations were enriched in basal, HER2-E, Luminal A, and Luminal B breast cancers, respectively. CDKs (CDK1, 2 and 7), MAPKs (MAPK1, 3, 8, and 9), and ataxia-telangiectasia proteins (ATR and ATM) were dominant, master regulators of trans interactions in this breast cancer cohort. Structurally-adjacent phosphosites, some of which may affect nearby active sites, generally show concordant phosphorylation while selected phosphosites may be mediated by site-specific regulation. Finally, druggability analysis captured regulated phospho-signaling in action, prioritizing targets from 113 activated kinase-substrate pairs and cascades downstream of kinases including AKT1, BRAF and EGFR. Overall, kinase-substrate regulation revealed by the largest unbiased global phosphorylation data to date connects isolated driver events to their signaling effects and uniquely inform rational targeted treatment of individual breast tumors. 

**Pan-cancer Investigation of Proteogenomic Interaction and Druggability**
[This was the plan initially and most of the scripts are for. We used this for the CPTAC PGDAC grant and had a version of an unsubmitted manuscript]. 

Systematically evaluation of comprehensive proteogenomic profiles of 341 tumors across 3 cancer types characterized in TCGA and CPTAC projects, including 77 breast tumors, 174 ovarian tumors, and 90 colorectal tumors
